[introduction] add tk instructions and update troubleshooting (#57)
SofaComplianceRobotics/Emio.CoreAssets: labs/introduction/sections/3_letstryemio.md

::: collapse Troubleshooting

> 1. If you get the error message `ImportError: [libtk8.6.so]`, you need to install Tk, check the [requirements and the installation steps](https://docs-support.compliance-robotics.com/docs/v25.12/Users/EmioLabs/emio-labs-user-manual/#installation). 

Author: ```suggestion
1. If you get the error message `ImportError: [libtk8.6.so]`, you need to install Tk, check the [requirements and the installation steps](https://docs-support.compliance-robotics.com/docs/next/Users/EmioLabs/emio-labs-user-manual/#installation). 
```

2. On Windows, if you connect the robot to your computer and get the following error message `[ERROR] No serial port found with manufacturer = FTDI`. 
Try to install the [FTDI drivers](https://ftdichip.com/drivers/vcp-drivers/).

> 3. On Linux, when trying to connect the real robot, if you get a `[Errno 13] Permission denied: '/dev/ttyUSB0'` message. You need to give the serial port specific permissions to be accessed, you can follow [these instructions](https://docs-support.compliance-robotics.com/docs/v25.12/Users/Emio/getting-started-with-emio/#connecting-emio-to-your-computer).

Author: ```suggestion
3. On Linux, when trying to connect the real robot, if you get a `[Errno 13] Permission denied: '/dev/ttyUSB0'` message. You need to give the serial port specific permissions to be accessed, you can follow [these instructions](https://docs-support.compliance-robotics.com/docs/next/Users/Emio/getting-started-with-emio/#connecting-emio-to-your-computer).
```
